README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Cleanup (#22)
* set up nest and clean up repo

* readme, prisma config, .env example

* add created/updated at to schema

* packages and boilerplate

* make swagger pretty

* write basic controller test

* lint

* update env.example

* gen client

* update readme

* add dependencies

* update schemas

* update tests

* docs

* rename directory, ci/cd

* gh-actions

* more cleanup, upgrade nextjs

* yml fixes

* add prettier to frontend

* get actions going

* again

* test

* typo

* yarn caching

* point to dependency paths

* no caching

* fix cmds

* actually install dependencies

* pass tests?

* comment out code

* use NodeNext

* prettier

* fix actions

* validation and regen client

* add format script

* add PR template back

README.md, after:

# MFA Form Automator

## Tech Stack

NextJS, NestJS, Prisma, PostgreSQL

## Getting Started (Local Development)

1. Create a .env file in the project root and configure environment variables using the example.
2. Install dependencies in both `apps/web` and `apps/server`. We currently use Yarn as our package manager.
3. Generate the Prisma Client in the `apps/server` directory using the following command from within the `apps/server` directory:

    ```bash
    yarn prisma generate
    ```

4. To run the development client and server together:

    ```bash
    yarn dev
    ```

    The client should be hosted at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

    The server should be hosted at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000).

TODO: Database setup and initialization using Prisma Migrate.

## Regenerating Client

When making changes to our backend, we need to regenerate our frontend client to allow us to access the updated endpoints.

1. Start instance of backend server hosted at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) by running the following command in the server directory:

    ```bash
    yarn start:dev
    ```

2. In the client directory, run the following command:

    ```bash
    yarn gen-client
    ```

    The client should be regenerated based on the running local backend instance.
